So let's take a look at what this code does.
We're in main here and the first thing which happens is we are
running this for loop here which ranges from minus five to plus five,
and inside the for loop,
we are starting up several tasks which are launched a synchronously,
and they are calling the thread function divide by number.
The first parameter is always 50 and
the second parameter is the respective i from the for loop.
At the end, we are waiting for the results to show up.
So this basically, is the thread barrier in the task version.
With the thread version,
we would have used join.
Now we can use either weight or get,
but let's take a look at divide by number.
Now divide by number, shown here, takes two parameters;
a numerator and a denominator,
and in the try-catch block here,
we are dividing the numerator by the denominator,
but only in the case when the denominator is not zero because dividing something by zero,
not only in computer science, is problematic.
This is why if denominator equal 0,
we are throwing an exception,
it's an invalid argument exception which outputs
the string to the console exception from thread division by zero.
This exception is caught here in
the catch block where we simply output the exception to the console,
and that's what's happening here.
So if the denominator is not zero,
we are result of computing the result,
a numerator divided by denominator,
then we are sleeping for a certain amount of time,
in this case, only very shortly only for one millisecond.
Also you can play around with this parameter and see what happens,
and then we are printing the result.
Printing the results calls another function,
this one here, which also write something to the standard output.
As you can see in several phases, first,
this string here then the result,
and the second string here,
then the result, then the end-line.
So there's all kinds of possibilities for
another threat to jump in and totally guide all the output.
This is why this has to be protected,
and this is the job which you hopefully have done correctly,
and we're now going to look at the solution.
So the first thing you have to do is you have to define a mutex.
The mutex, is called mtx,
has first to be locked at the beginning of the critical section,
that is the area of coat which has to be
performed under the lock with no other thread jumping in,
and at the end of this section of the critical section,
we simply unlock the mutex.
That's what's happening here.
Now, the problem which you relate to see is that when this exception is thrown here,
we are jumping out of the critical section without issuing the unlock command.
But with regards to printing something to the console nicely,
locking and unlocking the mutex in this way makes sure
that the output is not mixed up with output from other threads.